Updated documentation for adding reports to cover permission restrict… (#9859)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/extending/adding_reports.md

Here, we use the `AdminOnlyMenuItem` class to ensure our report icon is only shown to superusers. To make the report visible to all users, you could replace this with `MenuItem`.

## Setting up permission restriction

> To make sure that the reports are only accessible by the `Admin` it is required to set up a permission restriction on the report view itself this can be done by adding a `dispatch` method to the existing `UnpublishedChangesReportView` view .

Reviewer: We've referred "superusers" just above, rather than "the admin", and I think it's better to be consistent - "Admin" is a bit ambiguous, and can refer to the Wagtail admin interface in general. (In retrospect, `AdminOnlyMenuItem` was badly named...) Also, "Admin" doesn't need to be formatted as code here.

I think it's also worth giving a bit more explanation about why this is different from setting a permission on the menu item:

```suggestion
Even with the menu item hidden, it would still be possible for any user to visit the report's URL directly, and so it is necessary to set up a permission restriction on the report view itself. This can be done by adding a `dispatch` method to the existing `UnpublishedChangesReportView` view:
```

```python
from wagtail.admin.auth import permission_denied

class UnpublishedChangesReportView(PageReportView):

>     header_icon = 'doc-empty-inverse'

Reviewer: Since we're giving the full code immediately below, we don't really need to include all of the existing code here - everything from here up to the `dispatch` method can be skipped and replaced with a `# ...` comment to let them know the existing code has been omitted.

The `from wagtail.admin.auth import permission_denied` import also needs to be added to the final full code.
